Throughout this experiment the rating scales are used to assess your experiences in the different task conditions. Scales of this sort are extremely useful, but their utility suffers from the tendency people have to interpret them in individual ways. For example, some people feel that mental or temporal demands are the essential aspects of workload regardless of the effort they expended on a given task or the level of performance they achieved Others feel that if they performed well the workload must have been low and if they performed badly it must have been high. Yet others feel that effort or feelings of frustration are the most important factors in workload: and so on. The results of previous studies have already found every conceivable pattern of values. In addition, the factors that create levels of workload differ depending on the task. For example, some tasks might be difficult because they must be completed very quickly. Others may seem easy or hard because of the intensity of mental or physical effort required. Yet others feel difficult because they cannot be performed well, no matter how much effort is expended.

The evaluation you are about to perform is a technique that has been developed by NASA to assess the relative importance of six factors in determining how much workload you experienced. The procedure is simple: You will be presented with a series of pairs of rating scale titles (for example Effort vs. Mental Demands) and asked to choose which of the items was more important to your experience of workload in the task(s) that you just performed. Each pair of scale titles will appear on a separate button.

Click the Scale Title that represents the more important contributor to workload for the specific task(s) you performed in this experiment.

After you have finished the entire series we will be able to use the pattern of your choices to create a weighted combination of the ratings from that task into a summary workload score. Please consider your choices carefully and make them consistent with how you used the rating scales during the particular task you were asked to evaluate. Don't think that there is any correct pattern; we are only interested in your opinions.

If you have any questions, please ask them now. Otherwise, start whenever you are ready. Thank you for your participation.