We are not only interested in assessing your performance but also the experiences you had during the different task conditions. Right now we are going to describe the technique that will be used to examine your experiences. In the most general sense we are examining the "workload" you experienced. Workload is a difficult concept to define precisely, but a simple one to understand generally. The factors that influence your experience of workload may come from the task itself, your feelings about your own performance, how much effort you put in, or the stress and frustration you felt. The workload contributed by different task elements may change as you get more familiar with a task, perform easier or harder versions of it, or move from one task to another. Physical components of workload are relatively easy to conceptualize and evaluate. However, the mental components of workload may be more difficult to measure. 

Since workload is something that is experienced individually by each person, there are no effective "rulers" that can be used to estimate the workload of different activities. One way to find out about workload is to ask people to describe the feelings they experienced. Because workload may be caused by many different factors, we would like you to evaluate several of them individually rather than lumping them into a single global evaluation of overall workload. This set of six rating scales was developed for you to use in evaluating your experiences during different tasks. Please read the descriptions of the scales carefully. If you have a question about any of the scales in the table, please ask the experimenter about it. It is extremely important that they be clear to you. You may keep the descriptions with you for reference during the experiment. 

After performing each of the tasks, you will be given a sheet of rating scales. You will evaluate the task by putting an "X" on each of the six scales at the point which matches your experience. Each line has two endpoint descriptors that describe the scale. Note that "own performance" goes from "good" on the left to "bad" on the right. This order has been confusing for some people. Please consider your responses carefully in distinguishing among the different task conditions. Consider each scale individually. Your ratings will play an important role in the evaluation being conducted, thus, your active participation is essential to the success of this experiment and is greatly appreciated by all of us.